Babe are you Margaret Thatcher? Because I want to shit on your grave!
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
If you were a Transformer... you'd be Optimus Fine.
Hey {0} will you be my Speedy Nut Boi?
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Feel my shirt. Know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would delete you from it.
Do you work at subway? Cuz you just gave me a foot long ;)
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Do you work at a subway because your food tastes like shit.
Do you know CPR? Because you are taking my breath away!
I was blinded by your beauty; I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
Somebody better call God because you need to meet him.
Is your name Google because you're sexist as fuck.
Are you an oil spill because you ruined my environmment.
What are your plans for tonight? Feel like a bible study?
Damn girl, I know your going to hell because its got to be a sin to look that good.
Let's do some things you'll need to tell your priest about tomorrow.
I've been learning about important dates in history, wanna get added to the the murders section?
Roses are red, violets are blue, Yoda I am, and go out with me will you?
Babe, are you an NFT, because you lose all your value after the first time.
Are you http? Because without you I'm just ://
All your pics came through at a 45-degree angle. Guess you're acute-y.
Do you have babies? Because your tits are saggier than my moms.
Do you like cheese? Would you like to brie with me?
Do you play football? You look like a keeper.
Do you know what I have in common with the Little Mermaid? We both want to be part of your world.
I thought happiness started with an "h," but I guess it actually starts with "u.""
Did you fall in a pile of sugar? You're looking super sweet.
Are you a gardener? I like your tulips.
Are you German? I'd like to be Ger-man!
Is your Bluetooth enabled? I feel like we could pair.
Babe are you a dictionary, because I see all the swear words in you.
Describe yourself in three emojis. I'm: 💩💩💩
Titanic. That's my icebreaker. What's up?
Babe are you a cake because I could eat you.
We can eat out, whether you're my date or the food.
Are you from space? Because you're out of this world good-looking.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pick up line.
Babe are you the COVID vaccine because you take too fucking long to get.
Babe are you a bat because you infected everyone around you with your love.
If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
I'd like to take you to the movies, but they don't let you bring in your own snacks.
Babe are you the moon landing because you're fake.
You look so familiar. Didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Doesn't matter if we have to talk over Zoom, I'm still coming ;)
Babe are you the 2008 Financial Crisis because you're making me crash.
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem just Wright for me!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart... because mine was just stolen.
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be the McGorgeous.
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!
I've got 1-ply, I've got 2-ply, but all I really want is your re-ply. ;-;
Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.
Babe are you Gillette because you're leaving cuts all over me.
We can adopt a dog, we'll already have your pussy.
You must be a bank loan, because you're making me broke.
Babe are you a credit card, because you keep getting denied.
Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've only met you in my dreams.
You must be made of cheese. Because you're looking Gouda tonight!
If you were a vegetable, you would be a cute-cumber!
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Girl I was rated the best brand of fertiliser.
Babe are you AIDS because nobody wants to fuck you.
Do you work at Dick's? You'll have mine before long ;)
Your eyes are like IKEA. I'm totally lost in them.
Babe are you breast milk because you stopped putting out 15 years ago.
You've plugged a hole in my heart, I feel like I can plug another hole.
I want our love to be like the number Pi: irrational and never-ending.
Are you my appendix, because I need to cut you out.
You must be exhausted, because you've been running through my mind all day.
If you were words on a page you'd be the fine print.
Are you my gall bladder, because you do nothing for me.
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Yo I'm quitting my job, you got any blowjobs?
I've lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you instead?
Babe are you blue cheese because you're old and rotten.
Your body is 70 percent water... and I'm thirsty.
Are you my cousin because I'm genetically predisposed not to want to have sex with you.
Babe my sheets have been clean for too long...
In school, I wanted an A. With you, I want to F.
That's a nice shirt. Can I try it on after we fuck?
I lost my keys... can I check your pants?
Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more.
Babe you got any freshly whipped cream?
Babe are you Billy Mitchell because I wanna cheat on you.
I'm not feeling myself today. Can I feel you instead?
Is that pneumonia in my lungs or has your smile just left me breathless?
This might seem corny, but you're making me horny.
Are you civ 2 because you never fucking end.
Can't spell quarantine without u r a q t ;)
We're quarantined in the same house, your options are kind of limited.
Hey baby, you come within 6 feet of here often?
Wanna play Coronavirus and get spread on hard surfaces?
Are you a sea lion? Because I can sea you lion in my bed tonight.
I like my virus like I like my women; easy to spread.
Hi I'm the water temple, you must be Nintendo, cuz you make me hard af.
Nice dress. Can I talk you out of it?
Babe are you a bedroom water leak because you're making me sleep on the couch.
How about some Amazon prime and sexy time?
I'm having trouble sleeping by myself. Can you sleep with me?
Let's have some remote sex education.
Babe are you Amazon because you're delivering my baby tonight.
Treat me like a pirate and give me that booty.
Are you a gorilla exhibit cause I wanna drop a baby in you.
Babe you like a water pistol, you squirt real hard ;)
Let's play Titanic. You'll be the iceberg and I'll go down.
Hows your night going on a scale from single mug of tea to cocaine orgy.
Can you do telekinesis? Because you've made a part of me move without even touching it.
Babe are you emetic poison because you make me wanna throw up.
There's a black friday sale at my place. All clothes are 100% off.
Babe are you cement because you're making my iron stiff.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
Hey babe wanna head to south east England? They got all the sexes there.
Please don't let this go to your head, but do you want some?
You know the difference between me and my couch? My couch pulls out.
Babe I'm a construction worker, would you let me fill your hole?
Your outfit would look great on my bedroom floor ;)
FBI called demanding my dick; will you help me hide it?
I was feeling a bit OFF the whole day. But then, you showed up and turned me ON.
I guarantee you—I'm not flirting with you! I'm just being extra nice to someone who's extra attractive.
I'm jealous of your heart because it's pumping inside you and I'm not.
Babe are you Bitcoin because I wanna see you go up and down.
I wanna speedrun getting in your bed.
Hey are you Gamestop? Because we're gonna take you to the moon baby ;)
Hi, my name is {0}. You better remember it because you'll be screaming it tonight.
My future children need your DNA!
Hey, you and your friend are both really hot, and I have two balls for a reason B)
Got morning wood? Don't worry I'll bring my hatchet.
If I flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head?
You must be a gamer. Want to play with my joystick?
I may not be Fred Flintstone, but I can make your bed rock!
Hey girl are you a cat, because you're really hairy.
You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I'm super cheesy, you're super hot, and we belong together.
That sweater looks amazing on you. I bet I would too!
How would you like your eggs? Scrambled, over easy, sunny-side-up, or... fertilized?
Babe are you a programmer, because you make me software.
Are you my pinky toe? Because I'd like to bang you on all my furniture.
Babe are you a switch? Because I'm a network engineer ;)
Babe are you frosted flakes, because you look like you've got smegma on you
Hey, do you work at Linus Media Group? Because you get my hardware going
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick... because we're a match.
Hey are you Scooby Doo? Ruh-ro I'm cumming after you.
Babe are you Lewis Hamilton because you always finish first.
I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you.
Hey babe, are you a speedrun? Just asking because I wanna try out some new tech on you ;)
You must be jelly, cause jam don't shake like that.
Need some food? My cock's here waiting :3c
Are you into conspiracy theories? Because I wanna get illuminaughty with you.
I find your lack of nudity disturbing.
🍴 All I'm missing is a little spoon.
Damn babe are you the Terms and Conditions because I don't give a fuck what you have to say.
Hey, I think someone farted. Let's get out of here.
Did it hurt when you broke through earth's crust ascending from hell.
We need to evacuate! Mt. Cock is gonna explode!
Are you a cavity, because you look like you need a filling ;)
Hey babe, does this napkin smell like chloroform?
You look like you need a break, wanna sit on my face?
Help! My leg just broke after I fell for you.
Will you allow me to take a photo of you? I just want to show my friends that angels do exist.
I don't think my glasses are working properly, because I can barely make out with you?
Hey babe your pussy is like a torch, it's on fuckin' fire!
Babe I don't think my glasses are working, because you look like a fucking mess.
Are you BPD? Because I'm hypersexual.
I wanna unlock your tier 2 cheeks.
Babe are you a dyslexic nymphomaniac because you never fucking stop.
Are you an antiquer? 'cos I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Babe I'mma be your disingenious dense motherfucker.
Am I dissociating? Because I can barely believe that you're really here ;)
Babe are you testicular torsion because you're making my balls rot off.
Video games are like dick, you can suck at both of mine
Thanks for calling Comcast, my name is {0}, how can I help you?
Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.
Hi, sorry if this is forward, but I want you to peg me.
Hey babe, I never pegged you for a cute one.
If your heart was a prison, I'd be sentenced to death.
Nice tits, wanna fuck?
Do you like pizza? 'cos I want a pizza dat ass.
Babe I'm gonna commit to you, then force push ;)
Call me a doctor because I wanna rearrange your insides.
I wanna upload my eyes into your TitHub repository.
Your friend is hotter, but you look easier. Wanna come home with me?
Bitch your pussy so sussy ;)
I'm desperate, you're hot, please have sex with me 🥺
I lost my earmuffs, can I borrow your thighs?
Wanna suck my balls? B)
Tiddies Kreygasm
I can see your ex has good taste.
Are you in the job market? I've got some blowjobs going free 👀
Are you a redstone torch becuase you extend my piston 😳
Are you a chest because I want to fill you.
My cock, your ass, you do the math ;)
Damn Girl, you shit with that ass
They call me Nut Clip because I wanna nut through your ass ;)
I just dropped my phone, can you drop your pants instead?
How do you want your egg in tomorrow morning? Boiled, Scrambled or Impreganted?
Did you ever think about going to jail? Because it should be illegal to be that cute.
Are you a Joy-con cuz I want you to slide in my rail.
Are you a motherfucking like button? Because I wanna smash you.
Do you know the difference between sex and a good conversation? No? Want to go upstairs to talk about it?
Nice legs, when do they open?
Are you Dream? Because the chances of us dating are trillions to one.
If I were a watermelon, would you swallow or spit my seeds?
Do you want a threesome? No? Okay, I won't invite someone else then.
You're a real bitch, thats why i'm going to take you doggy style.
D'ya like Jazz?
Are you GameStop stocks? Because I want you to crash at my place.
Are you a programmer? Well I've got another python for you to use.
Wanna become famous? I'll buy a Tier 3 sub on your username.
I use arch btw.
Hey babe, you want a stool? You're looking kinda small rn.
Are you Wam's audience? Because I want you to suck my dick ironically.
I'd ask if you were allowed to stream but Twitch said being sexy isn't against their rules.
You'd be the perfect fit for the Pools, Hot Tubs, and Beaches category.
Are you a Muffin? Because I want you to eat my ass. 🤖
Are you a watermelon? Because I'm a watermelon. 🤖
Are you a box of chocolates? Because you're the type of person who likes to eat my ass. 🤖
Are you a Bitch? Because I want you to suck my dick. 🤖
Hey babe, I wanna fuck you, but I don't have a dong. 🤖
You're so hot, I could use a bigger, more powerful fan. 🤖
I'm gonna make you cum in my ass, and then I'm gonna make you cum in my ass. 🤖
Hey girl are you a whale? Cuz we can totally humpback at my place.
Are you Darker for 3:09? Because you're playing hard to get.
Hey girl, wanna help me prevent prostate cancer?
Did you just get out of the water because you're making me wet.